[Gabby gasps]
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Take us to the Dollhouse ♪
♪ Little by little
Let's live in the meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ What's the big surprise? ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Let's shrink right down and go inside ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Oh, hey.
I've been working on this all morning.
And I think you'll agree,
it's pretty cat-tastic.
♪ Bum-ba-da-dum! ♪
His Royal Cuteness, King Floyd!
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
Oh! You know what that sound means.
It's time for a Dollhouse Delivery.
Come on, Pandy.
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow ♪
All right, let's see what's inside
of our Meow Meow Mailbox today.
[gasps] Wow!
Fancy!
[chuckles] Look at the little boa.
It's so feathery.
And the cool sunglasses.
Should we open it?
Of course we should. Yeah.
Ooh.
OK, let's see.
OK.
[gasps]
It's a little camera
with a kitty face on it.
Hey, check this out.
[beep]
-[beep]
-I'm a cat! [giggles]
Whoa!
And now I'm a cat on a surfboard.
[laughs]
And now I'm a cat on a surfboard in space!
Hey, Pandy,
want to get one of us together?
-[beep]
-OK.
Say, "Cheesy-cat!"
Cheesy-cat!
[giggles] What do you think, Pandy?
[as Pandy] Oh, that's definitely a keeper.
Hey!
We should take this into the Dollhouse
and take a picture
with all the Gabby Cats.
Come on!
This...
is Daniel James Catnip,
but we call him DJ Catnip for short.
He can help us get all the Gabby Cats
together for a picture.
With these magical cat ears,
I can shrink down
and play with the Gabby Cats
inside my Dollhouse.
Time to get tiny.
♪ A pinch on my left
Pinch, pinch on my right ♪
♪ Grab Pandy's hand and hold on tight! ♪
Hey, I'm in the Music Room!
Come on in!
Welcome to my Dollhouse!
Pandy's in here somewhere.
Oh, Pandy Paws, come out and play!
Do you see him?
I don't see him.
[trumpet plays]
-Hug attack!
-[Gabby giggles]
Wow, Pandy! A musical hug attack.
I'm a cat of many talents.
[cheery music playing]
[record scratching]
Gabby! Pandy!
Boogie on over here and give me some paw!
[all laugh]
Yeah, that's right!
Hi, DJ Catnip.
Can we take your picture
with our new GabbyCatCam?
Of course!
You got to say, "Cheesy-cat!"
Cheesy-cat!
[Gabby] Here you go.
Ooh!
And you got my good side, too! [laughs]
We want to get a picture
with the Gabby Cats.
-Can you call them for us?
-Of course I can!
[over speakers]
DJ Catnip here. Listen up, y'all.
If you want to be in our photo,
dance on down to the Music Room!
[Baby Box] Ooh, picture!
[Baby Box giggles]
-[MerCat] Picture time!
-[Pillow Cat] Ooh! Wait for me!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
[Cakey] A picture!
Is there room for little Cakey?
-[Baby Box] Whoa!
-[Cakey] Oops! Excuse me.
-[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
-Here come the Gabby Cats!
[Baby Box] Whoa-oh-oh!
[MerCat giggles] Hey! What's going on?
Hey, everyone!
We got a cat-tastic new camera.
Let's take a group photo. Come on!
[beep]
[horn honks]
OK, everybody get together.
Pandy, why don't you come here
in the front? OK.
-[tuba honks]
-[muffled grunting]
[CatRat] Oh! Hang on!
Hang on! Wait a minute.
[CatRat laughs]
Oh! [laughs]
No picture is complete without the CatRat.
Hey, CatRat.
OK, when the timer goes off,
the camera will take our picture.
Quick, CatRat, squeeze in!
-CatRat squeezing in.
-Look out!
Watch out. Coming through.
Don't worry,
there's plenty of CatRat to go around.
OK, everyone say, "Cheesy-cat!"
-[others] Cheesy-cat!
-CatRat!
-[others] Whoa!
-[GabbyCatCam whirring]
[Pillow Cat gasps]
So, how do we look?
Well... it's a good picture of CatRat.
[Pandy] CatRat, you jumped up
in the middle of the picture!
Hey, it's not my fault everyone wants
to be next to me in the picture.
Oh, CatRat! Let's just take a few more.
Everyone, get together.
[timer ticking]
Say, "Cheesy-cat!"
[others] Cheesy-cat!
[CatRat] CatRat!
CatRat!
Wow. You guys really don't know
how to pose for a picture, do you?
I could see why you'd say that,
but I think it's also great
how silly they all are.
We look hysterical! [laughs]
They are pretty funny.
Look at my face in this one. It's all...
"Bleugh!"
[laughs] How about this one?
I didn't even know my legs could do that!
[all laugh]
-[Cakey] Look at you in this one!
-[Pandy] Look at that one!
I have a cat-tastic idea for this camera.
They're gonna love it!
-[MerCat] Is that me?
-[Baby Box] Let's take another one!
Let's do it!
Huh. That's strange.
Our GabbyCatCam is gone.
And so is CatRat.
[gasps] Did CatRat take the GabbyCatCam?
-He did!
-I wonder where he went.
-[distant clattering]
-[CatRat] Uh... Yoo-hoo!
Sounds like... the Kitchen.
Come on!
CatRat?
Huh. I don't see him anywhere.
[timer ticking]
[toaster bell dings]
Toast! With a picture on it!
What's the picture of?
[Gabby] It's CatRat.
And he wrote a note on the back.
"Welcome to the CatRat Scavenger Hunt."
Yay! I love scavenger hunts!
"Follow my picture clues.
If you collect everything on my hunt,
you'll get a CatRat-tastic surprise."
Oh, I love surprises!
Whee!
[giggles] Sprinkle-riffic!
-[timer ticking]
-Ooh!
[toaster bell dings]
Another picture!
I think it's a scavenger hunt clue.
Yeah. That's why he took the camera.
CatRat is leaving us picture clues
for all the things we need to collect
on his scavenger hunt.
[Pandy] This one looks like
a sandwich recipe made with bread,
pickle, cheese and...
hot sauce?
Pandy, you can't judge a sandwich
until you've tasted it.
CatRat loves this sandwich.
Look!
We've got the ingredients right here.
Bread, pickle, cheese, and hot sauce!
This recipe calls for
a pretty big sandwich.
And we have a scavenger hunt to finish.
So let's give it a go!
Wahoo!
[in Italian accent]
Hello, there. I am Chef Gabby.
I'm Chef Pandy.
And I'm Cakey the Cook.
Today we'll be making
CatRat's favorite sandwich.
Let's make CatRat's
favorite sandwich together!
It's his favorite sammy ever!
-Bread.
-Pickle.
Cheese.
-And hot sauce.
-[all] Cha-cha-cha!
-[Gabby] Bread.
-[Pandy] Pickle.
-[Gabby] Cheese.
-And hot sauce.
-[all] Cha-cha-cha!
-[Gabby] Bread.
-[Pandy] Pickle.
-[music stops]
What comes next?
-Cheese.
-And hot sauce.
-[all] Cha-cha-cha!
-[Gabby] Bread.
-[Pandy] Pickle.
-[Gabby] Cheese.
-[music stops]
-And what's next?
Hot sauce!
-[all] Cha-cha-cha!
-[Gabby] Bread.
-[Pandy] Pickle.
-[Gabby] Cheese.
-And hot sauce.
-[all] Cha-cha-cha!
♪ We made CatRat's favorite sandwich
Together ♪
♪ Together ♪
♪ It's his favorite sammy ever ♪
♪ Ever ♪
♪ Cha-cha-cha! ♪
[Gabby giggles]
Phew!
That's the biggest sandwich
I've ever seen!
CatRat's gonna lose his whiskers
when he sees this!
[clattering]
An airplane!
And another picture.
It's a picture of CatRat
in a big jar of pom-poms?
CatRat must be in the Craft Room.
That's where we have to go next
on our scavenger hunt!
-To the Craft Room!
-[Cakey] Wait!
Don't forget CatRat's sandwich.
[Pandy laughs]
-Thanks, Cakey.
-See you later.
Good luck!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
Hmm. How did these get all over the place?
Huh?
-What?
-[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
[Gabby] Hey, Baby Box.
Hi, Gabby. Hi, Pandy.
-We're on a scavenger hunt.
-Yeah.
CatRat set it up.
He's leaving us picture clues
for everything we need to collect.
-Have you seen any pictures around here?
-Nope, but I'll help you look.
-[Pandy gasps]
-[Gabby gasps]
Oh, Baby Box, behind you.
[Baby Box giggles]
How did that get there?
Another picture clue.
Well, it's a picture of CatRat
wearing a silly hat... on a stick?
Oh, I love making those.
You can make hats, sunglasses,
all kinds of things.
That must be the next thing we need
to collect for our scavenger hunt.
Silly hats on sticks!
Baby Box, can you show us
how to make them?
You bet I can!
Let's get crafting!
OK, the first thing you do is draw a hat.
Any kind of hat you want.
I'm gonna make...
a magic top hat
with a glittery band on it.
Oh, I know!
I'm making a cowboy hat!
Got to put on some tape
to add a little more cowboy style.
Yee-haw!
I know what hat I want to make.
I'm gonna make a Viking helmet!
And I'll add some stick-on gems.
♪ Doo, doo-doo, doo-doo ♪
Ta-da!
Then you cut it out with safety scissors.
Next, you tape on your stick.
Turn it over, and tape it on the back.
There you have it! A hat on a stick.
Oh, I'm gonna make something else
to go with my hat!
Oh! Me, too! Me, too!
I'm gonna make some silly glasses
with this sparkly paper.
Hey, guys, you ready for my magic trick?
[drumroll]
Ta-da!
Just like magic!
Well, howdy, partners!
I reckon I should introduce y'all
to my trusty companion, Jake.
Neigh!
Whoa-ho-ho!
Easy there, boy!
[Gabby laughs]
I'm a Viking... on vacation!
[all laugh]
[Gabby gasps]
Look, another picture clue!
Huh? Is CatRat in bed?
[Pandy] Looks like it.
That must be where we have to go next.
To the Bedroom!
Bye, Baby Box.
-Thanks for your help.
-Bye!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
Hey, Pillow Cat.
We're on CatRat's scavenger hunt.
We think he left our next picture clue
in here somewhere.
A picture clue?
Yeah. Have you seen
any strange pictures in here?
No, I haven't.
But I've been pretty caught up
in my new book.
Hey, is this what you're looking for?
That's it!
[Pillow Cat]
Well, that's definitely CatRat, all right.
But it looks like he's in a disguise.
[Pandy] Or a costume!
Oh, a costume!
CatRat must want us to bring him things
from the Dress-Up Closet.
I'll go first.
[rhythmic tapping]
[melody plays]
Hi, Dress-Up Closet. Can I come in?
Why, thank you!
[zip fastening]
[inhales]
[exhales]
What am I?
An astronaut!
-[Pillow Cat giggles]
-Ooh, my turn!
Oh, this is paw-tastic!
[gasps] This is even more paw-tastic!
Here I come!
Ta-da!
What am I?
Yeah, I'm a basketball player.
Ooh, it's my turn!
[Pillow Cat gasps] Ooh!
[laughs] Wow.
Oh! [giggles]
Bawk-bawk-bawk!
Bawk!
What am I?
I'm a chicken!
Bawk-bawk! Bawk-bawk-bawk!
[both laugh]
-Bawk-bawk-bawk-bawk! Bawk-bawk!
-[music box playing]
Look!
Another picture clue!
[music stops]
[Gabby] It's CatRat with DJ Catnip.
-He must be in the Music Room.
-Let's bring him everything we collected.
Come on, Pandy.
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
[giggles] Thanks for the laugh,
Pillow Cat.
Bawk-bawk! Bye!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
-[Gabby gasps]
-Look!
[record scratching]
[music stops]
[yawns] What took so long?
CatRat!
Did you bring everything I asked for?
You bet we did! Show him, Pandy.
Got it all right here in my Pandy Pack.
We've got hats on sticks, silly costumes,
even my trusty horse, Jake!
Neigh!
Nicely done!
Are you ready
for your CatRat-tastic surprise?
You bet we are!
Drumroll, please!
[plays drumroll]
-[Pandy] Meowzer!
-[Gabby] Whoa!
[DJ Catnip] Whoa! Cool!
I made you a photo booth!
What do you think?
A photo booth!
For our camera!
[gasps] I love it!
And we can use all the things we collected
to make our pictures even sillier!
Yep! But the best part of all is...
Ta-da!
Me!
Now I can be in everyone's picture.
Who wants a picture with the CatRat?
I do!
Hey! Me, too!
Say, "CatRat!"
[others] CatRat!
[GabbyCatCam whirs]
Paw-some!
See?
No more pushing or shoving.
Now everyone gets a picture
with the CatRat.
I'm built right in.
[gasps] This is fantastic, CatRat!
Hey, CatRat,
what do we use the giant sandwich for?
Oh, thanks. That's for me.
Mm. I needed a little snack
to keep me going after all that hard work.
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
-[Gabby Cats giggling]
-Hey, everybody!
Welcome to my CatRat-tastic photo booth!
-Ooh, Cakey, take a picture with me!
-Sure, I will!
-These glasses!
-This is gonna look great!
This is gonna be so cool.
No rushing, no crowding.
Everybody gets a chance
to sit with the CatRat.
-[Baby Box] Wahoo!
-[MerCat] There's room for everyone.
[DJ Catnip] Cheesy-cat!
[Pandy] All right! [giggles]
[MerCat] Yes!
[Baby Box] Cakey, how do I look?
[all laugh]
[DJ Catnip] Let's do some cheesy-cat!
[giggles] Silly pictures
are definitely my favorite kind.
-These pictures are fantastic.
-Absolutely! [giggles]
Thanks, CatRat.
It's like I always say,
I have the best ideas. [chuckles]
Oh, CatRat.
Thanks for playing
in my Dollhouse with me today.
Are you ready for another surprise?
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat of the Day! ♪
It's me...
Baby Box!
I'm so glad you're here.
You want to see what I made?
Kitty ears!
I'm pretty great at making things.
I bet you're great at making things, too.
Do you want me to show you
how to make your own kitty ears?
Let's get crafting!
OK, to make kitty ears, we need paper,
pipe cleaners,
scissors, a pencil,
and your trusty glue stick.
The first thing you need is pipe cleaners.
I'm gonna pick these two sparkly ones.
You twist them together
to make one long one.
Like this.
Let's make some ears.
I'm gonna use this sparkly purple paper.
Purple is my favorite color.
So, fold your paper in half
and put it down
with the folded part at the bottom,
and draw two triangle kitty ears.
Then we cut them out,
but don't cut the folded part.
Cutty-cutty!
Now, let's attach the ears
to our one long pipe cleaner.
Open one ear up
and fold it around the pipe cleaner.
Use your trusty glue stick
to glue the tops of the ears together.
Do the same thing with the other ear.
Let's use a different color
to make the inside of the ears.
I'm gonna use this pink paper!
Cut out two smaller triangles
for the inside of the kitty ears...
and glue them
on top of the big kitty ears.
Now, take the pipe cleaners
and bend them into a circle.
Then twist the ends together.
There. It's like a little crown.
Kitty ears!
Make your ears
and you can be a Gabby Cat, too!
I like making things with you.
See you soon!
What do you think of the kitty ears
I made? Pretty cute, huh?
Come back soon
and we'll open another Dollhouse surprise.
Bye!